John 3:16|For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life.
Proverbs 3:5-6|Trust in the Lord with all your heart and lean not on your own understanding; in all your ways submit to him, and he will make your paths straight.
1 Nephi 3:7 | I will go and do the things which the Lord hath commanded, for I know that the Lord giveth no commandments unto the children of men, save he shall prepare a way for them that they may accomplish the thing which he commandeth them.
2 Nephi 2:25 | Adam fell that men might be; and men are, that they might have joy.
Alma 32:21 | Faith is not to have a perfect knowledge of things; therefore if ye have faith ye hope for things which are not seen, which are true.
Ether 12:27 | And if men come unto me I will show unto them their weakness. I give unto men weakness that they may be humble.
Mosiah 3:19 | For the natural man is an enemy to God, and has been from the fall of Adam, and will be, forever and ever, unless he yields to the enticings of the Holy Spirit.
Alma 37:37 | Counsel with the Lord in all thy doings, and he will direct thee for good.
3 Nephi 12:16 | Therefore let your light so shine before this people, that they may see your good works and glorify your Father who is in heaven.
Moroni 10:4 | And when ye shall receive these things, I would exhort you that ye would ask God, the Eternal Father, in the name of Christ, if these things are not true.
2 Nephi 31:20 | Wherefore, ye must press forward with a steadfastness in Christ, having a perfect brightness of hope.
Mosiah 18:9 | Yea, and are willing to mourn with those that mourn; yea, and comfort those that stand in need of comfort.
Genesis 1:1 | In the beginning God created the heaven and the earth.
Exodus 20:12 | Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.
Psalm 23:1 | The Lord is my shepherd; I shall not want.
Isaiah 41:10 | Fear thou not; for I am with thee: be not dismayed; for I am thy God.
Matthew 5:9 | Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God.
Romans 8:28 | And we know that all things work together for good to them that love God.
Philippians 4:13 | I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.
John 14:6 | Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.
